Update gallery-submission.md (#603)
tableau/connector-plugin-sdk: docs/beta-scenarios.md

# Beta Testing Connectors in the Extension Gallery  
-------

> Welcome to the Beta of the Connectors in the Extension Gallery. Tableau has worked closely with a number of its Technology Partners to create connectors for their platform. These connector plugins will replace having to connect to your data using the "Other ODBC/JDBC" connector, and provide a smooth and performant connection to these databases. Installing the new connector only takes a few minutes and you'll be able to see the difference for yourself.

Reviewer: I don't think this page belongs in the SDK documentation. The SDK documentation is for _building_ connectors, not _using_ them. Sending people who just want to download a connector and use it to this site will confuse them.

Instead, you should add this information to the [KB connector plugins page](https://help.tableau.com/current/pro/desktop/en-us/examples_connector_sdk.htm), especially because that is the page you are sent to if you click "Learn more" on the connector gallery and it has no mention of the gallery as of now. You'll have to ask Doralee or another technical writer how to do that.

We've provided a few test scenarios below, which may take between 10 and 20 minutes to run through to ensure the connector will work with your environment.

Once you've downloaded a connector and tried these scenarios we'd love to hear from you about your experience! **Please submit feedback to us through the connector-specific feedback form found on the [Extension Gallery](https://extensiongallery.tableau.com/connectors).** Thanks for  participating!

### Gaining access to Beta Connectors in the Gallery:
* Go to https://extensiongallery.tableau.com/
On the top right hand corner of the screen, click 'Sign In' and follow the sign in process using your tableau.com login credentials.
* Click on your user icon in the top right hand corner and select 'Sign up for Connectors Beta'.
* Click the 'Sign Up' button (the page will automatically refresh and you will now see any Beta connectors available for testing)  

### Notes and Known Issues
* The Connectors are compatible with Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server versions 2019.4 and later unless otherwise stated.

> * As of version 2020.3, Connectors in the Extension Gallery are not compatible with Tableau Online or Tableau Prep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Connectors in the Extension Gallery work on Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server only.
```

We don't want to muddle the message here, and we should be explicit as to where these connectors can be used. We can change this if/when we add support for other products.

### FAQs and Troubleshooting
If you run into issues, please share in the survey, but also feel free to reach out directly to our team.

> ## Test Scenario 1 - Installing the Connector

Reviewer 2: We also have the [manual test scenarios](https://tableau.github.io/connector-plugin-sdk/docs/manual-test) page.  It's possible some of this is just needs to be merged into that page either as additions or updates.

1. Navigate to Tableau Server and download a Workbook connected to a published datasource.
2. Create a new datasource <code>Data > New Data</code>, and select the new connector.
3. Select the connector you downloaded from the Extension Gallery and fill out the information in the dialog box once prompted.
4. Create an identical data source as the one you are about to replace (same tables and joins, or customer SQL).
Navigate to a Sheet within the Workbook (or create a new one). You should have two data sources:
   * DB - New Connector
   * DB - ODBC
5. Replace the datasource (Data > Replace Data Source...)
Interact with the Sheets and Dashboard as you had previously to verify the performance and the accuracy of the data.
6. From the Workbook select <code>Server > Publish Workbook</code> from the main menu.
7. Make sure you are already logged in to the server you published the connector to in Test Scenario 1.
8. Keep the existing Project and Name for your Workbook and click Publish.
9. Click Okay to overwrite the existing Workbook when prompted.
10. View the Workbook on Tableau Server and once again verify the Workbook performance and accuracy.

<br>

> *Thank you for validating your connector through the Beta Test Scenarios!*

Reviewer: Nit: this isn't their connector they are testing, but someone else's they are making.
